docs/presentation/rust_tools.md, before:

In this section, we will see supported tools by Rust.

## Static code analyzer

### Clippy

It just work like all static code analyzer use in C/C++. 
And this tool also provide hint to correct way of wring rust code.

```bash
warning: this expression creates a reference which is immediately dereferenced by the compiler
  --> src/code_gen.rs:87:80
   |
87 |                 let _evt_func = self._create_state_event_process_function(_st, &_e);
   |                                                                                ^^^ help: change this to: `_e`
   |
   = help: for further information visit https://rust-lang.github.io/rust-clippy/master/index.html#needless_borrow
   = note: `#[warn(clippy::needless_borrow)]` on by default
```

For more about this tool refer its [document here](https://doc.rust-lang.org/clippy/index.html)

### geiger

[cargo-geiger](https://crates.io/crates/cargo-geiger).

This tool provide statistic about unsafe code. This can help to monitor unsafe code addition in project.

### Code Coverage

We will be using [grcov](https://github.com/mozilla/grcov?tab=readme-ov-file#example-how-to-generate-source-based-coverage-for-a-rust-project)

Execute below command

```rust
rustup component add llvm-tools-preview
export RUSTFLAGS="-Cinstrument-coverage"
cargo build
export LLVM_PROFILE_FILE="profile-%p-%m.profraw"
cargo test
```

Use below command to get coverage report.

```rust
grcov . -s . --binary-path ./target/debug/ -t html --branch --ignore-not-existing -o ./target/debug/coverage/
```

## Security Audit Tool

Rust support audit tool call [cargo-audit](https://crates.io/crates/cargo-audit).
This use public repository on github that track down vulnerability. 
This is highly depend on open source reporting.

## Testing Tools

#### Unit Test

This is as we seen in Introduction presentation.

```rust
    #[test]
    fn test_add_1() {
        let mut out : u32 = 0;
        out = add(2,3);
        assert_eq!(out , 5);
    }
```

#### Mocking Test

[mockall](https://crates.io/crates/mockall)

This utility can be use to perform mocking to test various scenarios.

#### Test Report


#### Benchmark Test

For benchmark, best tool is [Criterion](https://docs.rs/criterion/latest/criterion/). 

> TODO: Need to explore more.

#### Fuzz Test

[cargo-fuzz](https://rust-fuzz.github.io/book/introduction.html)

This plugin use to perform fuzzing base testing.

Commit message:

docs - updated tools with test report tool 02

docs/presentation/rust_tools.md, after:

In this section, we will see supported tools by Rust.

## Static code analyzer

### Clippy

It just work like all static code analyzer use in C/C++. 
And this tool also provide hint to correct way of wring rust code.

```bash
warning: this expression creates a reference which is immediately dereferenced by the compiler
  --> src/code_gen.rs:87:80
   |
87 |                 let _evt_func = self._create_state_event_process_function(_st, &_e);
   |                                                                                ^^^ help: change this to: `_e`
   |
   = help: for further information visit https://rust-lang.github.io/rust-clippy/master/index.html#needless_borrow
   = note: `#[warn(clippy::needless_borrow)]` on by default
```

For more about this tool refer its [document here](https://doc.rust-lang.org/clippy/index.html)

### geiger

[cargo-geiger](https://crates.io/crates/cargo-geiger).

This tool provide statistic about unsafe code. This can help to monitor unsafe code addition in project.

### Code Coverage

We will be using [grcov](https://github.com/mozilla/grcov?tab=readme-ov-file#example-how-to-generate-source-based-coverage-for-a-rust-project)

Execute below command

```rust
rustup component add llvm-tools-preview
export RUSTFLAGS="-Cinstrument-coverage"
cargo build
export LLVM_PROFILE_FILE="profile-%p-%m.profraw"
cargo test
```

Use below command to get coverage report.

```rust
grcov . -s . --binary-path ./target/debug/ -t html --branch --ignore-not-existing -o ./target/debug/coverage/
```

## Security Audit Tool

Rust support audit tool call [cargo-audit](https://crates.io/crates/cargo-audit).
This use public repository on github that track down vulnerability. 
This is highly depend on open source reporting.

## Testing Tools

#### Unit Test

This is as we seen in Introduction presentation.

```rust
    #[test]
    fn test_add_1() {
        let mut out : u32 = 0;
        out = add(2,3);
        assert_eq!(out , 5);
    }
```

#### Mocking Test

[mockall](https://crates.io/crates/mockall)

This utility can be use to perform mocking to test various scenarios.

#### Test Report

This is required to track down status of test case in CI environment.
Default test module of rust generate json format output but it not use by most of CI tools.

To get junit formatted test report, I prefer to use below plugin.

[cargo-nextest](https://crates.io/crates/cargo-nextest)

For Junit configuration, [please refer here](https://nexte.st/docs/machine-readable/junit/)

#### Benchmark Test

For benchmark, best tool is [Criterion](https://docs.rs/criterion/latest/criterion/). 

> TODO: Need to explore more.

#### Fuzz Test

[cargo-fuzz](https://rust-fuzz.github.io/book/introduction.html)

This plugin use to perform fuzzing base testing.
